# Attendees:

* Darren Poulson
* Tom Bloor
* Nathaniel Hawthorn
* Claire Jackson
* Ian Norton
* Mark Keating
* Andy Baxter
* Kay Kempers
* Martin McNaulty
* Michael Thomas

# Report from the board - ClaireJ

This last year has been incredible, we started the year with nothing and
have ended our first year in a brilliant position. I’ll leave the finances
for the treasurer's report but suffice to say successful and amazing
 
I should add that this has been a long time in the making with Darren
Poulson starting the lancaster hackspace group over 3 years ago. but with
the support of the founding Board members we were able to get a donation
from LCC to help fund the beginnings of the space. This along with the
founding members allowed for a physical location for the space to flourish
in. With the grateful loan of some key pieces of equipment we have had
access to some tools other hackspaces would have dreamed of acquiring in
their first year.

## An acknowledgement of donors

We have had some great sponsorship for our first year which we hope will
continue further. Andrews and Arnold have provided us with internet, we
have received  hosting from Bytemark. Lancashire County Council for their
grant. Our newest donation has come from Sugru of some wonderful stuff and
underpinning in the background we have Shadowcat Systems who have
supported us in many ways

## What we’ve done

The hackspace is now registered on the UK hackspace list and we have
attended quite a few of the Makerfaires and festivals sometimes pitching
in with Hackspace Manchester. Our first official Makerfaire in Newcastle
last year was hectic, fun and hard work. Manchester Makefest had a large
attendance for its first time going without the Make trade mark sponsors,
I believe it will be held again this year which will be great as this is
our closest event so can be a place to pick up new members. We had a
collaboration project which was the Amazeballs marble run. If you’ve not
seen the videos of it going I would definitely go take a look. This was a
lot of hard work but very rewarding with some good publicity for the
space. Hack-the-space days have been held and you have achieved a lot from
the 3d printer storage to having a nearly working CNC machine.  We also
enjoyed the wonderful Blue Monday cheese night, which was very cheese
filled, in more ways than one

## Future initiatives.

As I've said there are quite a few different Makerfaires throughout the
year and a lot of work is needed by the members to make new, interesting,
and interactive projects to show to the public as well as to the other
Hackspaces. This can be an individual, joint or group project. If members
want to continue to attend these event then we all need to pitch in.  So
far we have a few things going to this years Makerfaire but something that
needs discussing is more interactive things that will pull a crowd in.

The website has been a bit neglected, but now has a new home at
lamm.space. Hopefully we can get some more updates on there in the coming
year. If you have any project that you want to share then please write it
up and we’ll get it up on the website or get you an account to post to it
yourself.

We have the Hack-your-half term this week set up by Kay and Rhiannon
A more regular Hack-the-space day is in the works  
 
## Key staff changes or an announcement of plans for

I’d like to take this opportunity to thank Darren for all his hard work
and perseverance, without whom there may not be a hackspace in Lancaster.
To thank Ian for taking on the role of Treasurer and Secretary. Two
incredibly difficult roles that when the new board are in place will be
split between us. 

Mark was fundamental in us obtaining our initial setup grant from
Lancashire County Council and has provided invaluable advice on the
business aspects of running LAMM the company on behalf of our members.

Tom has done a great job in making sure our website hosting and 3d
printers all work as we need them to, whilst being a font of knowledge at
our regular open evenings.

We did this because we’re hackers and craftster and felt Lancaster
deserved a place like this and we’ve been proven through you that we were
right.

My last thanks is to all of you for making the space what it is. This is a
membership organisation, we the board are here to enable you the members
to do cool things.

EMF is 5th to 7th of August this year and we'd like to attend as a space.

# Presentation & acceptance of the accounts - IanN

Mark proposed
Kay seconded

# Membership - IanN

At the time of the AGM, LAMM had 16 members.

# Special resolution - IanN

Proposer Mark
Seconder Tom

0 against
10 for

# Election of board - IanN

Propose Ian
Seconded Mark

Unanimous to vote to accept on block & accept the board

# Space #2

* Costs 3 months to move
* Moving within White Cross
* Garage or lockup
* Probably not moving until 2017


