# Board meeting on 2017-01-12

The board meeting was held at The Lodge in Slyne (http://www.thelodgelancaster.co.uk/) members of the board paid for their own food and drinks, no LAMM money was spent in the production of the meeting or minutes.

Present

* Tom Bloor (tb)
* Claire Jackson (clj)
* Mark Keating (mdk)
* Kay Kempers (kk)
* Ian Norton (idn)

# Apologies

All board members present, no apologies received.

# The purpose of this meeting

The purpose of this meeting is to conduct the legal affairs of LAMM.

Items discussed within this meeting include legal, financial and code of conduct related matters that very specifically should not be generally discussed.

General discussion should be carried out after the main agenda items have been dealt with under the proviso that these things do not bypass discussion with the membership after the meeting.

# Minutes from previous meeting

https://github.com/lammspace/documentation/blob/master/board-minutes/minutes-2016-10-11.md

# Actions arising from previous minutes not covered elsewhere

## Bank accounts

Bank account named account holders - still outstanding

**idn**

## Red, Amber, Green Tool Rankings

Dangerous tools (chop saw) & general safety rules. Proposals for Red, Amber and Green safety ratings need writing up.  

**mdk**

## Equipment maintenance docs and training

Training sessions for equipment (3d printers, Laser, Chopsaw, etc) Who
should train/how do we get more trainers (laser for example)

Training for equipment maintenance
Planned equipment maintenance & records (and documentation of process)

This still needs writing up.

**idn**

# Board agenda

## Membership

### New members

* Linda S
* Daniel F
* Clare B

## Finances

Bank balance at close of 2016 was £1,721.51.
2016 income was £5,250, expenditure of £4,436.06.

Outstanding debts £300 to the accountant.

Profit on the year is £513.94!

kk sorted our Paypal account so that they're giving us charity status.

## Code of conduct

We discussed the current code of conduct and recent events.

Questions included:

* Does a warning on the CoC stand for a period of time?
* Is it number of occasions or a time period?

We need to formalise actions under the Code of Conduct.
Need to check that the CoC is correct and up to date on the website.

**idn** to check website is up to date

# Board discussion items.

‘’These items must be discussed by the board.’’

## Access for members

Cameras and access control still need to happen.

The lock and power supply have been installed and connected.

**tb** is dealing with this

## Design council

The timetable feels pushed. We should probably just wait.

It's reassuring that the ideas we generated during the day were things
we've discussed in the past. So our ideas are good but we don't want to be
pressured on the timing.

Put the ideas up on the board in the space.

In theory we have one meeting left over but the project is over time.

No action to take on this now, the feeling is that we let this die.

## ESTA membership

All the meetings so far since we joined have been during the day which has
meant nobody was able to attend.

We should ask Michael if it's possible to arrange some other meetings.
Possibly Tuesday day time or an evening?

## Insurance

kk talked to the insurance people and got us a quote of £350 a year.

The questions raised were:

* Single item insurance?
* Accidental damage cover?

Public liability and general contents were the things quoted on.

## Sponsorship

What do we need for 2017 events:

* Light Up Lancaster
* Fun Palace
* Lancaster Pride

Who can we tap up for sponsorship of these events?

Sponsorship posts have all been moved over to the new site. We need a post
to promote our sponsors.

# General discussion.

These items shall be discussed but would benefit from membership engagement.

## Events.

Events we attend need to engage the membership. If the membership are not
engaged then we should question if we should attend.

* Hack your presents 21st of Jan 2017
* UK Makerfaire applications 23rd of Jan 2017
* LAMM AGM 27th of Feb 2017

Announce events on the website and pin a post in telegram.

# AOB

## Badges for Lancaster Pride?

## Cold in the hackspace!

It's cold in the hackspace, we need to buy some heating. kk spoke to Newey
& Eyre about electric heaters and they recommended purchasing an IR heater
which costs around £400. Probably need to discuss this wider.

**kk** to discuss with people and get consensus

## Letter Press & Letters

We need to catalogue, sort and make usable the letter press. At the moment
it's mainly consuming space and not being useful.

**tb** to arrange this

## PPE

We should add gloves to the PPE board.

## Stock control & tracking

We discussed stock control and tracking.

# Date of next meeting

20th April 2017, 18:30 venue to be confirmed.
