# Board meeting on 2016-03-31

The board meeting was held at The Lodge in Slyne (http://www.thelodgelancaster.co.uk/) members of the board paid for their own food and drinks, no LAMM money was spent in the production of the meeting or minutes.

## Present

* Tom Bloor (tb)
* Claire Jackson (clj)
* Mark Keating (mdk)
* Kay Kempers (kk)
* Ian Norton (idn)

## Apologies

All members of the board were present and nobody felt the need to
apologise.

## The purpose of this meeting

The purpose of this meeting is to conduct the legal affairs of LAMM.

Items discussed within this meeting include legal, financial and code of conduct related matters that very specifically should not be generally discussed.

General discussion should be carried out after the main agenda items have been dealt with under the proviso that these things do not bypass discussion with the membership after the meeting.

## Minutes from previous meeting

https://github.com/lammspace/documentation/blob/master/board-minutes/minutes-2015-07-09.md

## Actions arising from previous minutes not covered elsewhere

### Noise complaint.

Follow up to the noise complaint that White Cross received last year. Nothing more has come of this since our original discussions with Environmental Health, we have replaced the laser extractor with a much lower powered and quieter one, which means operations are possible at all hours. Laser training has been adjusted to point out that if there's too much smoke in the laser cutter, pause the cut and let the smoke clear. Michael is looking at replacing the lower powered fan with something inbetween which will clear the smoke quicker.

TB agreed to email White Cross and Environmental Health to let them know the changes we've made, observations on reduced noise as a courtesy. It was felt that this is closed otherwise.

## Board agenda

### Membership

Membership stood at 16 at the time of the meeting.

A discussion ensued regarding underage membership.

### New members

The board approved all new members as required by the articles of association.

### Finances

Accounts all went off to Meirings, we're still waiting to hear back. IDN to follow this up.

### Code of conduct

There were no complaints lodged under the CoC and no requests to update it. This will be a standing item on the agenda to ensure it's explicitly discussed.

The authoritive copy of the code of conduct can be found on Github at https://github.com/lammspace/documentation/blob/master/members-information/code-of-conduct.md

## Board discussion items.

The agenda was broken down into multiple sections, items listed in this section must be discussed by the board at this meeting.

### Bank account named account holders

Need to remove Darren from the bank account following the AGM. idn will arrange this.

It was agreed that we don't need to add someone else, named account holders are idn and mdk.

### Chemicals check and disposal

idn and tb undertook to inventory the chemicals and add a red, amber, or green classification. Red will be gotten rid of by some means, amber will be discussed and green will be kept.

### Dangerous tools (chop saw) & general safety rules

* 3d printer fire

3d printer burning down. Discussion about the recent hackaday article regarding fires with 3d printers. http://hackaday.com/2016/03/21/ask-hackaday-mrrf-edition-3d-printers-can-catch-fire/ tb assured us that his MendelMax has firmware that prevents this.

mdk's chop saw is now at the hackspace. This is by far the most dangerous tool that we have. This prompted the following discussions.

We need to perform some risk assessments and improve signage for all tools. The signage should probably include a list of people who can train someone to use the tool. It's important to remember the Health and Safety Executive's advice on signage when we're drawing this up:

http://www.hse.gov.uk/myth/dec07.htm

The suggestion was that we adopt a red, amber, green levels system for tools:

* Red - high risk tools like the chopsaw
* Amber - medium risk tools
* Green - low risk tools

We will need to complete the risk assessments in order to place tools into each category.

Lone working was discussed but again this relies on risk assessments to sensibly inform our decision making.

### Training sessions for equipment (3d printers, Laser, Chopsaw, etc)

* Who should train/how do we get more trainers (laser for example)

Formalise the training material more so that it's easier to deliver and more consistent in it's delivery. Currently clj, kk and tb are able to deliver laser training.

* Training for equipment maintenance

kk expressed a desire to learn how to maintain the laser cutter. idn and tb  will write up the maintenance steps and walk kk through it.

### Planned equipment maintenance & records (and documentation of process)

As a general principle, documentation for such things splits into two classifications, one for general consumption by the membership and one for maintenance, build and repair.

The wiki is the right place to keep the former documentation, however to simplify life, restrict who can make changes and to split it out from the wik documentation for the latter kind will be kept on github.

Consider the target audience, if it's for general consumption by members using equipment then it should be on the wiki, if it's smaller target audience of people wanting to know what parts we used when building something or how to maintain it, then it should be on github. Each major piece of equipment requiring documentation on github should get it's own repository.

Maintenance records should also be kept in the git repo.

### Insurance

idn to email John (discussion on the UK hackspaces mailing list) regarding cover.

### Security System (Cameras etc. installation)

Not minuted, ask a board member if you're interested.

### Board roles & tasks

There are no official board roles defined within the articles of association, this was intentional. There are very few tasks that specifically need to be carried out only by a board member, these include working with the bank and dealing with contracts that are signed on behalf of LAMM.

Everything else the board do is carried out as normal members of the hackspace, thus pretty much all tasks are member tasks.

We should empower people to do stuff and supporting them in their tasks.

kk suggested that we change from using the github issues to a physical representation of the hackspace todo list thus making everyone feel that they can contribute ideas and also deal with tasks that need doing.

### Sponsorship

Our internet connection is sponsored by the awesome Andrews & Arnold, we're coming to the end of our first year and we don't know if they will continue to sponsor us with this.

We should make more of a thing of our sponsors, because they're aweome! Wall of sponsors!

### Marketing & Publicity

Business cards were discussed, mdk offered to design and print these at Shadowcat in preparation for Makerfaire.

The meeting closed with pudding, which was very nice :-D

idn on behalf of the LAMM board.
