# Board meeting on 2016-10-11

The board meeting was held at The Lodge in Slyne (http://www.thelodgelancaster.co.uk/) members of the board paid for their own food and drinks, no LAMM money was spent in the production of the meeting or minutes.

# Present

* Tom Bloor (tb)
* Claire Jackson (clj)
* Mark Keating (mdk)
* Kay Kempers (kk)
* Ian Norton (idn)

# Apologies

All board members present, no apologies received.

# The purpose of this meeting

The purpose of this meeting is to conduct the legal affairs of LAMM.

Items discussed within this meeting include legal, financial and code of conduct related matters that very specifically should not be generally discussed.

General discussion should be carried out after the main agenda items have been dealt with under the proviso that these things do not bypass discussion with the membership after the meeting.

# Minutes from previous meeting

https://github.com/lammspace/documentation/blob/master/board-minutes/minutes-2016-03-31.md

# Actions arising from previous minutes not covered elsewhere

## Bank accounts

Bank account named account holders - still outstanding idn to poke

## Chemicals

Chemicals check and disposal - Thanks to Kay for disposing of many of these

## Tools

Dangerous tools (chop saw) & general safety rules. Proposals for Red, Amber and Green safety ratings need writing up.  **mdk** will do this

## Training sessions

Training sessions for equipment (3d printers, Laser, Chopsaw, etc) Who should train/how do we get more trainers (laser for example)

Training for equipment maintenance
Planned equipment maintenance & records (and documentation of process)
Still needs writing up - **idn**

# Board agenda

## Membership

Currently 15, peaks of 17 in Jan, Feb, March and Aug.

### New members

* Rob
* James
* Merry
* James (saw us at fun palace)

The board approved all new members.

We need to add a membership form on front page of site.

## Finances

Our bank balance at close of August stands at £1,557.29.

We're currently operating at a surplus of around £66 per month which is good but not enough for us to be able to afford a larger hackspace at this time.

The surplus has allowed us to purchase a new 3d printer at a cost of £567.68.

The Fun Palace event took around £150, we're not sure if we covered costs but ClaireJ is working that out. During the preparation of the minutes we identified:

```
28 sheets of ply at cost of 48p   £13.44
Laser time totalling              £99.00
LED                               £10.00
Batteries                         £28.00

Total                             £150.44

So we didn't make any profit from the event however we broke even. Some of these figures are rough/from memory and will be properly broken down in the end of year report presented at the AGM.


## Code of conduct

Code of conduct items are not minuted for the general membership due to the sensitive nature of the resulting discussions.

* Have there been any formal or informal CoC reports?

One incident was highlighted however this was more of a "we should keep an eye on that" than an actual complaint.

* Is the CoC still valid and appropriate?

The board were unanimous in agreeing that the CoC is still felt to be valid.

* Have any improvements or changes been requested?

No requests for change / updates have been received.

# Board discussion items.

‘’These items must be discussed by the board.’’

## Access for members

### Security System (Cameras etc. installation)

All the kit is in a box in the hackspace, it just needs installing. Motion eye camera monitoring software. No images will be breadcast on the internet and will be used purely for security.

### Access control

Needs to happen as part of next hack the space day.
ID cards - see DBS discussion under events. Laminated ID we can do ourselves :)

## Laser cutter

### Ownership

The board raised discussion of ownership of the laser cutter in the hackspace. Whilst the initial grant was made to Shadowcat and some of it was used to purchase the laser cutter, Shadowcat still formally own the laser and perform the maintenance and upkeep of it. ''mdk'' will investigate the implications of signing over the laser to LAMM.

### Discussion of Shadowcat membership dues & laser time.

Based on the calculated costs of running the laser to date and the number of hours logged, it was felt that we are potentially overcharging for laser time. Once we have the total time up to date ''clj'' to circulate to the board. Once we understand the total number of hours use so far vs expected life of tube, mirrors and lenses we will make a proposal to the members on how we could change to charging model and let the members decide if they would like to accept one of the proposals.

# Reduce the costs to better match the expenses
# Retain current costs with surplus fees contributing to the LAMM upkeep
# Compromise and split the difference between the two options

## Design council

We put this on hold until after the Fun Palace.

## ESTA membership

Discussion about membership of ESTA. There are many things that we share with ESTA in terms of ethos and business model so it was felt that we should try it for 6 months and then evaluate if it's been worth it. The cost is sufficiently low that if we can secure a single member for a single month we will have covered our fees. At the cost, the board couldn't see a down side and agreed unanimously to a six month trial.

## Insurance

Kay to find out about this. Post board meeting the price returned was around £350.

## Sponsorship

We should make more of or sponsors but we're not quite sure how :/

Our internet connection is sponsored by Andrews & Arnold - http://aaisp.net.uk/
Our website hosting is sponsored by Bytemark - https://www.bytemark.co.uk/

Blog post! ''Tom'' will write a blog post saying our sponsors are ace :)
''Claire'' will write a bugz post.

## New 3d printer!

Thanks from the board to Gus & Andy for such a fantastic job on the printer!

# General discussion.

These items shall be discussed but would benefit from membership engagement.

## Events.

### Regular Members Sessions

The suggestion was to have a Friday evening allocated as a members night where we can hack the space and do personal projects.

### Monthly open days

Topic specific open sessions (bimonthly? Age and/or activity specific)

November - Make a Christmas decoration
December - No topic just open day
January - Hack your surplus Christmas gifts

Open this up to see if anyone wants to host or have something specific

### DBS checks for events?

LAMM can’t afford this but we encourage people who are involved in events to do this. Donation / sponsorship.

Turns out that volunteers don't have to pay for this so we're going to encourage people to do this with the board being first on the list.

## Future events

### Light Up Lancaster - 04/11/2016

LED throwies?
Sillouettes with the Sillouette?
LED dart board?

### UK Makerfaire April 2017

### Lancaster Pride 20/05/2017

### Manchester Makefest August 2017

### Fun Palace October 2017

## Notes for events

Signup sheets. Ask people to commit to some of events period rather than all of it. Half a day out of a weekend really helps :)

We should ask questions when looking at events

* What’s our reason for attending?
* What’s the value to us?
* Do we have people to staff a table
* How much will it cost us to attend?
* Who's going to be there for opening up / start of the day

# Date of next meeting

12th January 2017, 18:30 once again at Slyne Lodge. The date for the meeting is chosen to allow us time to announce the 2017 AGM which is due to be in February 2017.
