Board meeting on 2015-07-09
===========================

Present:

  * Tom Bloor (tb)
  * Claire Jackson (clj)
  * Mark Keating (mdk)
  * Darren Poulson (dp)
  * Ian Norton (idn)

Apologies:

The board were generally sorry, but didn't seem to regret forming the
hackspace :)

Insurance
---------

Public liability insurance needs sourcing and we really need this in place for
the Manchester Make Fest as that's a requirement of us attending.

The general issue is that the insurance industry don't really understand what a
hackspace is so there's some concern about a policy providing adequate cover.

idn has spoken to Clarke Kent and looked into what other hackspaces are doing.
Clarke's recommendation was to go with the policy from Tennyson Insurance as
that seems to best fit our organisation type.

Public liability based on annual income of up to £5k is £75.
Contents cover based on £10k - £15k of contents is £75.

We discussed hirers liability cover but decided that this was not appropriate
as anyone using the space will either be a member or be accompanied by a
member.

Outstanding questions are:

  1. Single item value cap?
  2. Does this cover us for external events such as Make Fest?
  3. Do we need to look at large item cover for some things?

**idn to persue**

Membership and recruitment
--------------------------

### Leaflets and handouts

  * We need to take these to shops and community centres
  * This is probably a weekend job

**tb to organise people to have a trip into town**

### Build for scope

We discussed making a huge infinity mirror for Scope.

  * Need to spec out and cost
  * Can we get some sponsors for this?

**tb and mdk to look into this**

### Company mail drop

We need to tell companies about our services.

  * Who we are
  * What we do
  * Donations considered

**idn to produce something**

### Membership

  * We have 1 regular members paying £50
  * We have 7 regular members paying £25
  * We have 1 regular members paying £10

**idn to email Jim Mann and Rich Grant about joining now we have internet**

Finances
--------

### Bank stuff for May 2015

Outgoings:

  * Monthly outgoings are currently - £268.68
  ** Lancashire County Council rent - £252.01 pcm
  ** Electricity                    - £50 per quarter (first quarter bill now in)

  * Other expendatures in May
  ** Castle Press for flyers        - £25

Pending outgoings:

  * Design council                  - £1k

Our monthly rent payments are not being taken out by direct debit, idn has
spoken to LCDL about this by email and is assured they have it in hand. It
is expected that we'll need to issue them some more cheques at some point.

Income:

  * Membership income for May 2015  - £375
  ** 6 members pay monthly (£25)
  ** 1 member pays quarterly (£75)
  ** 1 member pays quarterly (£150)

In June we picked up another member and a bit, mentioned further down.

There needs to be a proper breakdown and summary of the finances to date.

**idn, clj, tb and dp to set a date and time for an accounting discussion with mdk**
**All to ensure that the finances to date are sorted for next meeting**

### VAT Registration?

VAT registration is voluntary for our level of income. We don't have a
compelling reason to do this unless we want to buy a big piece of equipment.

We should definitely not worry about this until we are solvent. Let's review
this in a year or if we have a sudden influx of cash to buy something huge.

AOB
---

### Security

This item not minuted for public consumption. Ask a board member if you're curious.

### New membership rate?

A member is paying £10 a month for her daughter at her discretion. We should introduce this as an official membership rate. Members from Manchester have both expressed an interest in giving us a little bit of money each month to be
associate members.

**idn to draft and circulate a proposal for comment and then schedule a meeting to discuss this specifically**

### Makefest

  * Items for table
  * PAT testing dates - night before
  * Risk assessments for items need to be submitted by 17th of July.

Date of next meeting
--------------------

Proposed second Thursday of each month at the Shadowcat office making the next meeting:

Thursday 13th of August at 10:00am.

Minutes reviewed and approved by tb and mdk.

mdk wished to add:

I would like to thank Ian for taking the time to prepare the minutes, I would also thank Tom for arranging the meeting and Claire for all her hard work on the MakeFest. Please have this comment added to the public Github notes.

