# Board meeting on 2017-04-20

The board meeting was held at the hackspace.  No LAMM money was spent in the production of the meeting or minutes.

Present

* Tom Bloor (tb)
* Claire Jackson (clj)
* Mark Keating (mdk)
* Kay Kempers (kk)
* Ian Norton (idn) (chair)

# Apologies

All board members present, no apologies received.

# The purpose of this meeting

The purpose of this meeting is to conduct the legal affairs of LAMM.

Items discussed within this meeting include legal, financial and code of conduct related matters that very specifically should not be generally discussed.

General discussion should be carried out after the main agenda items have been dealt with under the proviso that these things do not bypass discussion with the membership after the meeting.

# Minutes from previous meeting

https://github.com/lammspace/documentation/blob/master/board-minutes/minutes-2017-01-12.md

# Actions arising from previous minutes not covered elsewhere

## Bank accounts

Bank account named account holders - has been dealth with. Darren is no
longer on the account and Kay has all the paperwork to add herself on.

**kk**

## Red, Amber, Green Tool Rankings

Dangerous tools (chop saw) & general safety rules. Proposals for Red, Amber and Green safety ratings need writing up.  

**mdk**

## Equipment maintenance docs and training

Training sessions for equipment (3d printers, Laser, Chopsaw, etc) Who
should train/how do we get more trainers (laser for example)

Training for equipment maintenance
Planned equipment maintenance & records (and documentation of process)

This still needs writing up.

Could we have a publically available list of trainers for each tool?
Al of this should be online somewhere for people to know.

Posters for laser and 3d printer, trainers and signed off people.

**idn**

# Board agenda

## Membership

### New members

* Sam
* Chris
* Ian
* Graham? Peter?

All new members approved.

Should we email all members once a month or every other month a summary of
member list, upcoming events etc? Send to paying members? Kay will look at
this.

**kk**

## Finances

Bank balance prior to the meeting was £?????

## Code of conduct

We discussed the current code of conduct and recent events.

Questions included:

* Does a warning on the CoC stand for a period of time?
* Is it number of occasions or a time period?

We need to formalise actions under the Code of Conduct.
Need to check that the CoC is correct and up to date on the website.

Action will be proportional to offense but could include.....

12 months for a regular member
2 years for occasional attendees

**all** need to collectively contribute to a rough process

# Board discussion items.

‘’These items must be discussed by the board.’’

## Access for members

Cameras and access control still need to happen.

The lock and power supply have been installed and connected.

**tb** is dealing with this

Onboarding new members? Grace period for new members before unattended
access?

**idn** circulate ideas on how we introduce new members for access?

## ESTA membership

All the meetings so far since we joined have been during the day which has
meant nobody was able to attend.

We should ask Michael if it's possible to arrange some other meetings.
Possibly Tuesday day time or an evening?

Wednesday 3rd of May there's a meeting at White Cross pub with a trip to
the hackspace after the event.

Nothing to do here, remove next time.

## Insurance

kk talked to the insurance people and got us a quote of £350 a year.

The questions raised were:

* Single item insurance?
* Accidental damage cover?

Public liability and general contents were the things quoted on.

Hold over until the next meeting.

## Sponsorship

What do we need for 2017 events:

* Lancaster Pride - 2017-05-20

* Fun Palace - 2017-10-07 & 2017-10-08

Need to engage with the membership for ideas for Fun Palace.

* Light Up Lancaster - 1st weekend in November?

Double pendulum with photoluminescent paint and an IR LED.

Who can we tap up for sponsorship of these events?

**mdk** to call for ideas for Fun Palace.

Sponsorship posts have all been moved over to the new site. We need a post
to promote our sponsors.

**tb** to blog about our awesome sponsors

# General discussion.

These items shall be discussed but would benefit from membership engagement.

## Events.

Events we attend need to engage the membership. If the membership are not
engaged then we should question if we should attend.

Announce events on the website and pin a post in telegram.

Nearer the bigger events we need to sign up people for time slots.

# AOB

## Cold in the hackspace!

It's cold in the hackspace, we need to buy some heating. kk spoke to Newey
& Eyre about electric heaters and they recommended purchasing an IR heater
which costs around £400. Probably need to discuss this wider.

The board agreed that we should spend some money on this.

**kk** to discuss with people and get consensus

## Letter Press & Letters

All sorted. Need to arrange a training session!

**tb** to arrange this

## Organisation of the space

We should ask people to suggest how we change the layout of the space?

# Date of next meeting

6th of July 2017, 19:00 at the White Cross pub. Kay to chair the next
meeting.
